This is a head-gum original.
It's like I have to do something else that I started putting together my new vacuum.
What's that?
Do you get any soundboard?
Same soundboard.
Dabbling in some fan favorites from your from yesterday year.
And oh yeah.
Auditioning some new ones.
Yeah, that one didn't go show hot.
I really didn't.
I thought it was going to be a little bit more resounding than that.
More ultimately resolute.
Resonant.
Yeah.
Art was resonant.
Well, I really could have had more reverb.
I mean, Ferris your musician.
You got it.
The EQ could have been further thus.
It resonated with me.
Meaning good way.
Like emotionally.
Yeah.
It hit your ears and you recognized it as sound.
But not much more.
Yeah.
I was like, yeah, I agree.
Right.
It's a Monday, you know.
It rang.
Yeah.
Yeah, it did ring.
See now there's a new sound that's not even.
Here we go.
Oh, wow, this sucks.
The favorites will play.
So we just start over.
No, I think this is all good stuff.
I mean, guys, we're coming off of a hit.
The 200 episode was truly there there.
And all four of us were there then.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
To tell the tale.
I mean, there's not much to do until we kind of recap that episode.
Like, how does everybody feel in the wake of it?
There's not much to do.
There's actually we have some things to get to.
But I feel like we have to at least acknowledge the greatness that was had.
Yeah, reactions have been nice.
We don't minimize it even by saying something positive.
Well, because like, yeah, it's been good.
On YouTube at least, people are still really like it's still pretty mixed.
And this is like sincere thanks and also, like this podcast is terrible kind of thanks.
So to me that's the same.
I mean, how's the, how's the TikTok doing?
I know we were going semi-viral to have.
Yeah, we went pretty viral, really hoping that chapel,
Ron will see it.
A lot of people are not going to say it.
A lot of tractor.
I know, but on Friday, who is it during the Coachella?
Yeah.
On your alley, or somebody was like, I mean, you were also part of this conversation,
Conversation but somebody what somebody initially was like and it's perfect because she's playing Coachella today
I'm like that's not perfect
She's not gonna be on her phone at all. Absolutely
This is the one day she has to be absolutely locked in and by the way she was I saw clips of the performance
Yeah, the performance
Nice. Okay, all right. Yeah, I
Appreciate it this comment from Gorned on TikTok
They says the name Gorned G-O-R-N-T. Thank you
They said someone please explain this bit to me. It's very much my brand of humor, but I need the origin
Yeah
User double D said he is parodying Chapel Rones popular song hot to go, but both versions are absolutely fantastic
Gorned to response Gorned says thank you for explaining. I got that part so far
But I really want to know the origin of this running joke. I agree with you though. This is amazing
Omar response
Gorned he makes a lot of parodies about burning grains. There's really no other explanation
Yeah, but I left Friday being like maybe there's a chance
Maybe if we are posting to TikTok more consistently
Not to be confused with consistency of sand
People might have a way in in the way in might oddly be the fucking rice songs
Ferris I might
Not to be a contrarian, but my
Rebuttal to that is that there were also multiple comments of people being like
I was fine. I don't I don't know
There've been there've been multiple comments of
From people being like I've never listened to this podcast, but I've listened to every single race on which to me
It is crazy
It's so insane
I see a couple
See I'm nervous because I don't know what that means. Yeah, I'm really
Translation yeah
Translation
That one's universal
Yeah, we should test new ones. No, it's it seems dangerous. Well, I'm also gonna up cup up this all in I
Missed
This isn't going well
No
Yeah, we're loves now and whoop salt drops episode
That was pretty good
That's gonna obviously
Get our video taken down
That one I might keep that one's good. Anyway. Sorry
Um
What you're doing is not good for this show
Like you were you were just talking about wanting to you know build it more
Yeah, the last like few seconds. I don't agree with
No, I mean
All right, I think I'm gonna just bleep it. Yeah
That one was a Ferris original to have nice
Dude a couple of people have said
Something to the effect of like I don't even did you mention you want to make a fully produced album of the rice songs because people are people haven't forgotten
You did mention it. See it's hard. Is that's a lot of work and it's gonna I don't know if it'll be paid or not because I don't think that falls under the purview of the scope of work that I offer to have gone as a 1099
NEC
Yeah, I don't think I don't think I
I was excited for your time. You were the first to me studio
You and even said an email will
I would just know that that's a freelance personal front of you
You could you could reap the rewards at that point. It's all
I pee based on the company so I don't weigh well, you're staring me over because I'm not gonna yield to police ads on the album
Not only hope is that this federal law might go into a fat on the album
Like all right people don't do that
Supplemental messaging like fun branded clear hey, yeah, why isn't it like a brought to you by yeah
Race oroni
Yeah, I mean fairies my cousin
I'm around on your last EP you did like there's one song where like you know how Jim Morrison and writers on the storm like whispered
and layered the whisper underneath the singing you did the same thing but it wasn't the lyrics of the song
It was basically defending big tech well really it was just like a better help ad sort of at this sort of volume
Just sort of coasting underneath the surface of the chorus of my song and I just you know
Sort of gave them my own personal experience with online therapy and the privacy of my own home
It was really something that
I found helpful especially I mean we're living in crazy times and I mean during the pandemic
I basically lost my mind. I was drinking vodka out of my desk while I was working
It was very nice I talked a lot of out of like a you know blast it was on
Yeah, I was imagine it was a bottle in my dump into a drawer that's what I'm talking about
Oh, I'm sure
That's fell out that promo code spell out the promo code and probably do it twice at the
Just so that's a very good point. That's it's not quite better. I saw a poem. Yeah, that's better
H-E-L-P dot
Ford slash April that's the most confusing thing to spell in the yard
Oh, yeah
Dwarra got that yeah, sorry drawer vodka sounds like ferris is like celebrity liquor endorsement like
Like what Dwayne Johnson has what's it? What's the tequila brand he has?
Oh, Teramana yeah, Teramana and then you know
What is it? Clooney has
Casabegos not anymore and then ferris would be drawer vodka
The bottle on she's like a fucking soft clothes. I think we could
We could do that kind of like for walls always sunny podcasts. I was gonna say yeah
Whisky way, but ours is just drawer vodka. Yeah beta testing beta vodka
Can you make vodka out of rice or is that only a potato? Oh? It gets off in jam. Yeah
Haha
Damn, there's
This is man. It's you. I got a good vodka name, too
All right, let's keep it going
Bond of the week this week. I'm gonna have to go with taz fustock
Hmm
He's sort of a British aristocrat who just closed a club
Close to close there at the end of the night muscle and the leaves are the thing no he wasn't there till to a
He shut down a bar that he owned
Does that make sense and that's the fall of time because yeah for the Bond role because I don't think Bond has any business in
The after hours market. I'm thinking he's ready to make the shift from Lalo a nodding hill joint
to broccoli's own James
I can't imagine a club in nodding hill that's kind of why I chose him also that's like opening up a club in like
Topanga
That doesn't resonate with me, but I'm sure it doesn't it's far there. Yeah, yeah
Well, who do you got for your Bond over a week? I think I'm gonna go her with Jake style this while why Jake in this room
I think Jake was recording like not another D&D podcast or something and he did all these like little drawings
And there's so many of them
Bob and there doesn't do it. Well, he could take a look at that
Tell me if he likes you don't a poster if he did
his dad don't James Bond would be like an old master oil artist. He wouldn't be on the some of them Cartoon quite crude
That's what I'm saying
I think I think Bond could could draw cartoons in a spare time and
Couldn't you imagine Jake fit it up in the suit? No, yeah, block nine
Bond doesn't have a clock
Good, Jake's boss
That yet right, so it's already not finished usuring the new everything is Jake with a clock
Holding it sideways
Wearing a wrecky shirt, Tuxedo, the whole movie takes place outside of New Haven
Oh
Ferris, who do you got for your bombs fee?
I said it on the 200th. I really want to kind of drill down on it Jack Black. I really I want to see that I think I mean
But okay, it would change everything
right it would give Bond it and an entirely new facelift, but
God wouldn't that be good
Jack Black kind of a James Baroo
That's rude
Grunt what was the commenter's name Grunt?
Grunt?
Rico, who do you got for your bronbly?
Um, I think I'm gonna have to go
Uh, because of this week's SNL
Ryan Gosling
Preferably as bevis from bevis and butt head
Um, I don't know if anyone watched that. Yeah, sketch
But it delighted me to know end. It was straighter sketch. Are you serious? Yeah
And makey day. Yeah, the big discourse around that was that
You didn't want it spoiled but every thumbnail I saw
Every idol I saw every tweet I saw
Spoiled it spoiled it
It was a real delay and I watched it live and it really it really tickled me
It's fascinating to imagine the person who listens to the 200th episode a week late
And they are so on cloud nine they are like ready for another energy full
You know everyone's laugh and and then they tune in here
Yeah, I think we're gonna get up soon. So distracted to be honest for a second
I was ever a second with a reading I'm definitely back
I'm looking at my outline and deciding whether to cut you guys off should we move on you're asking for more energy
200th episode
Let's continue talking about it because I wanted to ask you guys what was your favorite part of that of this
Because I had a blast
Three of you guys killed it
It was
For me it was your fucking face singing that song that was the highlight for me
I mean, I've I've seen you get into it
But not quite like that
That was the full screaming and then dropping an octave because you were like I can't
Everybody because I was staring at the lyrics I was trying to I mean very quick
Trying to nail it all which I didn't even and so by the time I was wailing I was like I feel like I'm irritating people
Let me drop the octave slash that ass and I think ultimately the song was a hit
Mereiko was your favorite part
Said all right then will
Did I loved Jeopardy Jeopardy
Yeah, that was
This is why I wanted you on this episode specifically on you said who's gonna be on?
I said it has to be Mereiko for 201 because I need you to prove right now and here
That yeah, yeah, actually got the gift is it physical
It's not as ultimately did it all but don't she been it by saying
You're pointing out the wax
Get it me it's a get it for free
It'll let me if I I opened the Airbnb app
$500 gift also it looks like you're locked into litigation on a previous day
What did you do in Montreal
Yeah, I would say Jeopardy Jeopardy was
Number one and I was winning with the first place on the board
It felt it was the most excited event on the show at any point in time because I felt
I felt the heat and then immediately impressed me and then got like 700 points and I I feel like there's only like
Three people who could have four people maybe who could have one which is a mere mereka ferris and onya
Because they've been
involved
Farris since the beginning and onya very intensively recently
Yeah, and then mereka and a mere on like every episode pretty much one of them yeah, I was
I think disappointed with my performance. I think the only guess I ever made you're like
What's where did I first start recording this podcast and the only time I chimed in was to say a basement
And I never got another word in
There's you had to do it. I wasn't even a straight of reading right before
Which you handled with class and ease. I would say oil slick glands. I would say your
Cords were velvety
I was feeling some pressure to blast through it too because it was so hard getting bored and up
Yeah, but you also insisted for it to be finished in its entirety so I was like
Three hours writing the shit yeah, we tend to do that
All right, what were everyone's gripes with the 200th?
What do you wish had been different? What irritated you to know and
Let's start with the
Less guests less guests that was the whole point less a lot of thinking like three might be a good fit
That's what we're doing now. I know but we can all talk and you know we're kind of catching up. We're talking about you know our lives
People are hearing more of us
Which we're going to work
We have to talk about your weekend. I know I had a crazy weekend
What did you do to do good? Notting Hill
No, I went to a I went to a few Broadway shows
Which Marieka is especially interested in?
Did you see the Michael Imperial Lee enemy of the people? How was that?
Was it in the light the wrong or the right? Let's do it round indeed round and see
Did you get a shot? I was in I did get a shot. I was incredibly close to missing the show
My ran from the train no late entry no late entry they shut it down
Is that after I made it test the climate protests? They don't do it late entry
Maybe that's how they got in
Is they just sure that's late?
No, I made it. I got a shot they give you liquor in the show. Okay, so it was like whiskey. I was worried it was like an HPVVX
No, it was like
It was a Swedish
Vodkis fish
It was much more vodka to be sure. It was great strong strong was
Spittling yeah, he was spittling the whole show Imperial Lee didn't seem to have that problem Imperial
Only kept it all in some people some people are spitters. He didn't spit for me
But maybe some like got more into it. Yeah, did you do the after after at Imperial Lee's restaurant? No
I did dress all in brown as a oh to just Jeremy's strong
So I think it was more there for strong than Imperial Lee. Yeah, we got to be there in a strong in a way
And he kills it he's so good
God if you're in the York City and you have $250
There's no better way to spend it than on a hotel and then not having not having enough
Yeah, right can actually
If you're in New York then you have to worry about that hotel
I'm trying to see it before it closes. I might come out the end of May
To have would love to see you Jeff. Yeah, you know we've never met in person Jeff. I know it feels wrong. You see
Any more gripes or can we move on oh my gripe was just that I didn't know
There would be people on on zoom like I didn't know fair not in the room
Zach we had to have Ferris and to a lesson that we had to have Zach
Yeah, I mean I agree that their presences were necessary
But I think they were too front and center because of the spatial aspect of the zoom for the whole the whole point originally was
The most people in studios possible and then that kind of now then it just became the most people which is also good
But I thought it was a different
Yeah, I mean I get that I just think 23 is better than 21
Yeah, for sure I wanted to push it it was sad that we there were people that couldn't join like Brad
Ian Carmel yeah
The other was supposed to be so I saw somebody comment being like no Ian and I was like we tried and he's on tour
That's true. Is Ian a staple of the show. He's only been on on one
But it was like a hit and he loved it
I was shocked that he loved he was like I want to come on all the time
He hasn't been on since, but you know, he's been busy busy guys. I kind of wish that he and I had linked up in
Like being on this show a couple times before I've since I submitted to write for cordon twice
Mm-hmm and I'm like if he had known me more intimately
John it never came across his desk and even if he had he would have been too drunk on drawer wine
To get the jokes
Yeah, let alone the dude was Ian who passed Ian car all your work and said not good enough
Did you guys know that in 1944 FDR
Proposed a 100% tax on the top earners in the country
No, no, he proposed it how do you have to go people like it you got it done they got it
The rich people got it down to 94
But I'm just like why are rich people complaining about taxes now because in 1944 during the war
They literally were taxed at 94% of their income
No Twitter back then. Is that true? That's true. That's crazy moving on
Fairness
Like was that my nurse acts
Behind you. Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah, so a cannonball
Nice nice nice. Was it the quote in the outline superstars like killer swears work out in athletic wear
I don't want that
Not let me craved that word. He posted himself pumping on in leather pants
That is so ridiculous
sunglasses and boots inspiring comments like my man never breaks character full-time rock star
The video gave one guy an excuse reasons why I haven't started working out one
I don't own any leather pants
Cravots lifted weights to his own music
Dressed to go so much from the gym to the stage
Do you think he baby powdered his thighs and
What a dumb song those damn rates story to imagine when he having to make like Ross
All right, who does this remind you?
Slaathering on motion
I thought you're gonna say Marty it's sweaty leather pants
Not since Lenny ripped his leather pants on stage and accidentally exposed his privates in 2015 has his leather
Given such pleasure. Did you see the footage where his like pants split stuff?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, do you think I could get that on YouTube? That's on YouTube. Okay. Good. I'll look for that at least Cravots
This definitely happened
Who does this remind you of unless you think the weight of Marty? It was purely
It spawned a soldier images of Lenny's abs
Especially impressive. He's about to turn six
Nothing wethery about Lenny except his pants
That's one fan noted
Man is even immune to chafing
See you know
New York
Accept his pants
Where do we begin? Yeah, yeah, did you see the video of
So Gravots like giving him this doing a speech for the
His Hollywood walk of fame star
No, yeah, who was it? It's Denzel
Huh what what didn't Denzel speak at his
Walker fames
ceremony? I was talking about so he craved it
Speaking because she specifically mentioned
That she was always embarrassed when he would come to pick her up at school
In leather pants and mess shirts. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's kind of a uniform
Yeah, I mean Lenny has the you know skin tight leather pants that are kind of flared out
Mashed top
sunglasses inside it's last night and then will has sort of this like
Workwear
oversized button down
Maybe it's hard to draw a comparison or contrast between mine and Lenny's styles
Definitely contrast. I would say that he has been he looks like he was kind of chiseled out of marble
And you kind of look like you live in a shipping container
Interesting interesting
Like just kind of the nuance my response to such a personal attack
I let it roll off my back
Don't think so you're shaker
Don't quarter have forgotten
I've forgotten and I've forgiven we have to take a break
Yeah, we'll be right back
Sorry, actually I need your guys to help on this one. This is the first ever
Kind of multi vocalist
race song
All the grits are
To brag because I rack the graze
Boyle it's like a wall
As I see or the sword
Rice to be shaped in scorn
We're at burnt till it's graze
Charming rice like crazy
And they pump up the smurched
Torred every single grain
Well, I blacken boss body and boss body as cooking oil spray
You know that over Cossay
I trash rice
from chefs
Putting rice and steam
It's not how you make rice
Sing a long if you know the words
Sorry, it's a solo
There's something so appropriate about you looking like paraff of the rapper today
Graff of the Graff of the
Bobby you're at a scene
And I usually am the one that looks like paraff of the rapper
Boys in turn some love
As they clawed on to ride
A ball that tastes like chocolate
Because it's made with the rye
And by scalding round face
I could find the grip
Rice should not be steaming
Just ruined rice with hands
Just black in the whole pan
Dream
I think you've got like 12 10 12 tracks man. You've got to produce this
I fully forgot to say
I forgot
And in the lyrics
I read it as I was locked in
Now the mama's and the poppers have a shoot
Well, um
It's the the mama's and the poppers
Or sorry, it's it's the forget it let's take another fucking break. Yeah, yeah, we don't
We don't sell that many ads for this show. I don't know what happened
We used to I don't know what happened. Yeah, sorry. That's just how you come back from breaks now
Correct, sure
That's absolutely correct. Be more jarring
It's like basically
Rods of aluminium hitting
concrete
Yeah, this is how you wake up the listener exactly the Adler
From the dozing off they're rolled into that's better help HEL
All right, um, I also I got to give a shout out. I'm trying to reload my discord
But I know that so that californian dream and parody was inspired by a discord member rufus
Who was like what if we there's a californian dream and parody
And we all kind of like started
Throw in some lyrics out
And all the grits are black are came from rufus. So shout out rufus shout out Matt S and shout out mighty femputer
for
Inspiring that
Rice parody all right guys there's been a lot of
Talk especially around the 200th episode
As we kind of look back on this show
People psychoanalyzing me people saying that I'm a fucking maniac and uh, obviously I don't
Appreciate it any more than will appreciated me saying that it looked like he grew up on a
Fucking barge
But um, that was out of pocket. I'm open to criticism
I just wonder if we can maybe quail some of people's conspiracies because I think I am emotionally intelligent
I feel like I do have good social skills and I thought that we could all kind of
Take this quiz that I found
That's basically an EQ test
Literacy
spoil the end of this quiz, but okay. I really think the thing is that you are emotionally literate
You are a manipulative with that information. So you think I'm always it's not like an accident
How you make people uncomfortable you think I'm kind of Japano to the Pinocchio that are my ghosts
I think that gives you a lot more credit than deserved but it's a little bit more
Moment by moment
Well, I mean, it's the thing of like the great white whale and moby dick is like supposed to represent human
Fallibility, but
You guys wonder if maybe I am the whale and I'm just eating people for sport
No, I know that people are not cruel. I know that y'all are human beings with
Whole-back stories lives loved ones and I still choose to kind of dox your personal information in addresses. Is that what you're saying?
I mean, you do cruel the mood quite often
Not on every week
And I'm not calling you one of
There's 12 questions. I'm not calling. Okay, yeah, I'm not taking it
I mean, obviously setting up a second thing and it did just cut him off every time. No, I'm sorry, please go ahead
I'm not calling you one of these, but you know how sociopaths are in their own way like
Super dialed in emotionally
But in a distanced manner
Social distanced or because I feel like we're fast enough
I don't think they I don't think they respect okay
Yeah
Your child in direct contravention to your orders runs into the busy road
You pull them back and a smack them
B Master your emotions and explain why this wasn't a good idea or see
Master your emotions and resolve upon subsequent punishment
I'm gonna collectively
Is this for you or are we just becoming one personality the four of us then taking it together
I can't tell if that's a really good question or if you're trying to
Crack yoke on my
No, I'm a
What do you guys I got my face make it your own content team. What do you think?
Really
I think that these quizzes are
so obvious
All right, let's just say master your emotions and explain why it's not a good idea to run into a busy road. Yeah
That is the best choice the next question
you then a
Apologize and explain that mommy or daddy was frightened
Be burst into tears or see tell the child off
And then threaten them with dire punishment
Which by the way
In the flow chart you could have already smack
There's more dire
I'm gonna go with Apologize and explain the daddy was a little
fright slash
Yeah, you don't seem like the type to burst into tears
Jeff, are you putting yourself in the right shoes when you're it seems like you're just choosing the right answer
But yeah, that's I really want you to tell you that parent when you're answering
Well, what if we could put Jeff in that situation that would be your cat. I would be ideal
The storm hell of an episode
No, I would tell her off
Yeah, I would be like misty dome
And then I later after I wasn't scared. I'd be like sorry. I just
You know didn't want you to get run over by
For lack of a better term big rig because I live right near the freeway
Yeah, would you but you wouldn't cry out of like stress relief sort of thing?
I would but I wouldn't let her see that because she has to think that I'm kind of her strong rock her Jeremy
Strong or otherwise next question now we're getting now we're getting real. Yeah, let's go
It annoys you by the way that was like the least
Relive and thing I said was I have to care Jeremy in front of my cat
Do it
Sentient thing this this is the real desperate all back
All right, it annoys you to a
See others unkempt
Be
Have to make the most of your physical attributes at work or see see others making the most of their
Physical attributes at work
Where is this quiz from? It's all the tests stop. Oh
Which of those three?
Which of those three annoys you the most?
Correct. App does out work. I mean at your job or like
In your place
I think it has to be in your workplace. I mean, what about I thought it wasn't play
I think it's in at the workplace. What do you guys think like for y'all you have to answer this this is
No, but this one's kind of interesting. We all might have to answer this. I would say it annoys me to
Have to make the most of my physical attributes at work. I like a nice work life balance and I don't want to have to
Macs out my energy output for the show and maybe that's why we don't have many advertisers this year
Ferris
By the way, fairs lots of comments by the way. I'm sure you saw of people kind of being like you lowkey
Went underground and got marvel jack
Really the yoke isn't on my face the yoke is in your veins
I do eat a lot of eggs that is true and we can tell I feel like you could bench
Erica
I don't be I haven't met Erica in person. I don't yeah
The issue with bench pressing a human being is that you need to compress them into bar forum or else
It's just a very like loft slightly. I lend wrote a song this actually
The lonely island wrote a song about how you'd have to like
Turn a person into a rod. Well, they're the best solution, but
bikini bench pressing bikini babes is the best body building phrase you can ditch the barbells of the fancy ways and we get
a guarantee that you're gonna look great
All right, so when you first said that Maria cut was like you're on an NPR podcast was like you were taking the most serious moment
I take it very serious. Although to go back to the question it seems to me like Jeff you are most concerned with your co-workers physical attributes
Which would be answer C right
Ferris's guns seem to be intimidating
You a it was more of a role right like I weren't this might be misguided excited about Jake being in a suit
Yeah, that was an issue really physical adorably
I'm proud it was pride in his physicality and
Honestly, and this might be a little rude to say, but I would say I feel like I played some role in it
Yeah
I would say like part of the problem
Percent of his muscle mass and or water weight
When he stopped working on the show at the time for himself and the drive to kind of get out all his frustration towards me
on to the
ropes
That is the 5% from you it was just you know the gym is a great outlet
Yeah, yeah, forget better help man. Just go to the gym
Don't forget better help. Do that's the only advertiser for the rest of the year
Yeah, right
Question four and then we might just wrap it up you're infuriated with your partner
Do you a plot revenge b refused to speak for days or see swear and go for a walk?
I'm gonna go ahead and start and say all three of these are bad options
But of the three I would say swear and go for a walk. Yeah, yeah, because that it didn't describe what could happen after
But that basically means cool cool off
Come back and maybe you won't be plotting revenge against your partner after that
Yeah, all right. Let's just wrap it fire these your parents slash parent and law is nagging sarcastic and interfering
Your principal feeling is a resentment be resignation or see pity
I would say a a yeah resentment is kind of classic
All right six grief is a a blight on your life be a necessary and salutary process
Or see something which time will heal
All of the above but let's just go with a
Unnecessary and salutary process
Such a bad quiz and just power through
Don't worry service purpose. I would say sometimes
You are outraged by a newspaper star
Jack
It's where's leather pants
drives me fucking crazy
Do you a ran to your friends and family be become depressed or see right a letter to the newspaper?
I would say be become depressed
Nine is your anger destructive of yourself a
Spur to change or a spur to hurt and destroying things
This is like an ESL test this can't be real you couldn't take in one on psychology today
I'm gonna say it better is destructive of me
Yeah, this is this this is the sparkle of emotional intelligence. All right time is above all
My the great destroyer
Being to be vanquished or see the great healer
What I would say this the great healer time heals all wounds
But you let's get that where you're the grief enough
I'm taking a quiz
Can you read the next one's in your head?
No
Violent crunch is to me
A outrage about which something should be done
B and isolated tragic case from which we can draw a lesson or see a reflection of general trends in society
Yes, you like music to be primarily a exciting be deeply moving or see soothing
Depends completely no, it's not different song should be it again. It should be all of the above
I would say deeply moving
Because that says a lot
Deeply a deeply moving track forget it correct me if I'm wrong Monchi, but a deeply moving track could be soothing or exciting
So I would say it's the closest to all of the above. That's true. I would agree with that. Yeah, and we have the results so you guys ready
Yeah
The results of me slash us taking this quiz the result is you emotional literacy
Yeah, because he chose the middle answer this whole segment might retrospectively be called emotional literacy or not
Because those are the only two seeming options
Yeah, you're robust attempts to master your emotions, which they keep saying master emotions
Our praise worthy, but frequently ill judged in unsympathetic
What you defend yourself from unworthy emotions by simulating appropriating
Appropriate responses, but you tend to give rent free space in your head to people and things which were better
Considered understood and consigned to the emotional data bank for subsequent use
The fact that you use the phrase rent free in your head is like an emotional data
Literacy is so clear years
By the way, this quiz was written in 2006
Crazy, I would say I wrote this
They were ahead of the game with the living rent free in your head phrase. I didn't hear that shit
till
Just a few years ago really
Yeah
even emotions even emotions which seem unworthy
anger, fear, frailty, depression
Into harmless contexts such as when listening to music or watching films
Explore them and acknowledge them they are part of the armory of wisdom
Wow
I kind of love the armory of wisdom
Are you really able to take a real quiz?
To see how it compares like with a doctor
I
Thought you meant like sitting in on like a community college course. You want me to applaud it
Sucking sociology
Yeah
Maria, what did you send to our
No, you have to chat you can't say that okay
But you said something recently. Oh, yeah, I sent
To our group chat with Riley and Amir
I sent a
Sign that I saw a blank space
Coffee house and said I said new motto just dropped and the sign is
Share spring
Misty
Misty is like a shit about us. Hi, baby
I said that you not the cat
All right guys plugs another great episode in the can what do you guys have
What are your yams
See an enemy of the people if you have hundreds of dollars a spare it's pretty good or you can enter the lottery
Follow me at Marie Gailon
on all of the platform is on letter box
Specialty on Twitter still there
Haven the time of my life in the worst place in the world yeah, I might delete my Twitter what do you think?
I think Twitter is still good me too then
You mean X I think my my area of Twitter is still good and I enjoy being there
You're too you like it looked like you're gonna hit Misty
Did you run into the rather yeah
The truth comes out grab her by the tail
Oh
Do you do the projector and say the TV yeah?
Yeah, this is the extra give me I bought so I bought this like in 2020 it was
These are like a thousand dollars now, but when I bought it it was like $250 on Amazon
I think
Is it all right about how much money has put on stuff but I think it was definitely way less than a thousand dollars
I wouldn't have spent a thousand dollars in a projector, but I bought it with money that I got from
That holiday happy hour that we did in COVID in 2020
Where I came in late
Dominated the game one as the only non-saliant employee and then left the square really
Yeah, you went the projector instead of the instead of the instead of the TV historically
This is cool too. I got this um
On Amazon
Let me see if I can position this well. Why don't you do your plugs while I figure this out
I'll be auctioning off live
One Jake her with's original doodle
Starring price three hundred fifty dollars. Ooh
That is nice Jeff. Yeah
How does it look during the day?
Oh bad. Yeah, but the day times for work there
I think you could yeah, I do think you could make some money off you should you should put that on eBay
I think that would be right
Don't tell them
The crude or ones would get more. I'll tell you that. I'm lunch. Yeah. All right, Ferris
Yeah, I think you know yeah by the time this episode comes out newcomers season seven will have begun
This season the the the ladies Lauren Lapkas and the coal buyer for anyone who doesn't
Is not familiar with the show
They are watching
10 martin score says he scores so there's a debate on the show too
They're watching score sazy movies, but it turns out his name is pronounced score sessy and
Everyone has been struggling with how to say it because and I agree with Lauren if you say score sessy
You kind of sound pretentious and like yeah, I don't know
You can cut most of this out check out newcomers season seven starting yet sounds like it all year though
No wait just like the oopsies and then
They watched a Batman movies in season six
Just prior so that was a great season as well
A lot of people really loved the Batman song that Ferris did for it
Yeah, it's happy to to hear about that. I just jingles or commercial worthy you should be writing for like
Major corporations and getting paid three hundred thousand dollars a pop
Thank you man. That's a
I was pretty cool the reason the sacks is out here. There's a little teaser
This I was recording sacks for the season seven theme music so
wrapping that up today
Really push into that line
I'm finally happy with it. So we will be we will have a proper release on time. Yeah, and then yeah, follow me on
Instagram I guess
Ferris Monchie. I'm trying to be better about
checking in on Instagram a little more than I used to. Yeah, full of hot talk for a while
Huh we were we were meeting to talk to you about that but you ended up getting your act
All right
Instagram patreon.com for slash Riley and Jeff
If you're listening to this this Friday
the 18th which you will be
We have a zoom party tonight at six p.m. Pacific so
Actually, I think it's at seven 30 Pacific so even more time to sign up and
hang out with us. We do them every month and
This whole thing is not as folks
Hell yeah
It's a back
Oh
That was a hit them original